Did you hear?
Straight-A student visiting the clinic late at night
Yeah.
That's who he is
I didn't expect Ge Yue to meet such a random person
Are you playing with flowers?
No way enough
No money to spend
If you have the ability, say it face to face
Please please
What happened yesterday
This question has blocked you all, haven't you heard?
The mouth belongs to someone else
Your ears are your own
Just don't listen
Don't take me with you on this
Look what it's all about
Who did you offend?
We've been working together lately on a new project.
I don't have time to go out and offend people
Maybe we could hire teachers.
Mediocrity doesn't have to hit you, little monster really doesn't have to take it
Count well
The monthly exam is coming soon.
Yeah, when you take another change test
They can close their mouths
So we don't have to be confused by these little distractions in front of us
Review well
Let's all three come on, come on
Come on.